How dare you?
Dare to deceive on the head of this official.
Rest assured, I will absolutely not disturb you.
Wait for the king to take you to the capital.
Enjoy the tricks of the criminal department.
I'll see if you guys say anything then.
Who is behind this?
Yes, according to Pham Ta's investigation.
All are Duong Linh.
And who is behind this.
Nothing to do with cult.
Not letting go? Do you still want to lock them up together?
Can you support so many people?
I understand.
I don't want to go out either.
Here the manager eats the manager
No work required.
I peeped on a widow when I was three years old.
Unforgivable sin.
This discovery
Detect
Next of the pack
I will give it to you.
Yes, be sure to let them out.
After the sect disciple went out
I promise to release my wife to everyone.